airzone_cloud: document Air Quality sensors (#31535)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/airzone_cloud.markdown

For each Airzone zone (thermostat), the following *sensors* are created:

| Condition           | Description                                               |
| :------------------ | :-------------------------------------------------------- |
| air_quality_index   | Indicates the Air Quality Index in the current zone.      |
| humidity            | Measures the relative humidity in the current zone.       |

> | pm1                 | Concentration of particles with diameter less than 1µm.   |
> | pm2_5               | Concentration of particles with diameter less than 2.5µm. |
> | pm10                | Concentration of particles with diameter less than 10µm.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pm1                 | Concentration of particles with a diameter of less than 1&nbsp;µm.   |
| pm2_5               | Concentration of particles with a diameter of less than 2.5&nbsp;µm. |
| pm10                | Concentration of particles with a diameter of less than 10&nbsp;µm.  |
```
